# py-salt -- potential shell injection vulnerabilities
Colton Myers reports:

> In order to fix potential shell injection vulnerabilities in salt
> modules, a change has been made to the various cmd module functions.
> These functions now default to python_shell=False, which means that
> the commands will not be sent to an actual shell.
>
> The largest side effect of this change is that \"shellisms\", such as
> pipes, will not work by default. The modules shipped with salt have
> been audited to fix any issues that might have arisen from this
> change. Additionally, the cmd state module has been unaffected, and
> use of cmd.run in jinja is also unaffected. cmd.run calls on the CLI
> will also allow shellisms.
>
> However, custom execution modules which use shellisms in cmd calls
> will break, unless you pass python_shell=True to these calls.
>
> As a temporary workaround, you can set cmd_safe: False in your minion
> and master configs. This will revert the default, but is also less
> secure, as it will allow shell injection vulnerabilities to be written
> in custom code. We recommend you only set this setting for as long as
> it takes to resolve these issues in your custom code, then remove the
> override.


## Affected packages
 - **py27-salt**
    - **Fixed:** 2015.5.0

## Details
 - **published**: 2015-05-24T00:00:00Z
 - **modified**: 2015-05-24T00:00:00Z
 - **discovery**: 2015-05-11T00:00:00Z
 - **vid**: [865863af-fb5e-11e4-8fda-002590263bf5](https://vuxml.freebsd.org/freebsd/865863af-fb5e-11e4-8fda-002590263bf5.html)

## References
 - REPORT: [http://docs.saltstack.com/en/latest/topics/releases/2015.5.0.html](http://docs.saltstack.com/en/latest/topics/releases/2015.5.0.html)
