# wordpress -- 2 cross-site scripting vulnerabilities
Samuel Sidler reports:

> The Genericons icon font package, which is used in a number of popular
> themes and plugins, contained an HTML file vulnerable to a cross-site
> scripting attack. All affected themes and plugins hosted on
> WordPress.org (including the Twenty Fifteen default theme) have been
> updated today by the WordPress security team to address this issue by
> removing this nonessential file. To help protect other Genericons
> usage, WordPress 4.2.2 proactively scans the wp-content directory for
> this HTML file and removes it. Reported by Robert Abela of Netsparker.
>
> WordPress versions 4.2 and earlier are affected by a critical
> cross-site scripting vulnerability, which could enable anonymous users
> to compromise a site. WordPress 4.2.2 includes a comprehensive fix for
> this issue.
>
> The release also includes hardening for a potential cross-site
> scripting vulnerability when using the visual editor. This issue was
> reported by Mahadev Subedi.


## Affected packages
 - **wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 4.2.2,1
 - **de-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 4.2.2
 - **ja-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 4.2.2
 - **ru-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 4.2.2
 - **zh-wordpress-zh_CN**
    - **Fixed:** 4.2.2
 - **zh-wordpress-zh_TW**
    - **Fixed:** 4.2.2

## Details
 - **published**: 2015-05-07T00:00:00Z
 - **modified**: 2015-09-15T00:00:00Z
 - **discovery**: 2015-05-07T00:00:00Z
 - **vid**: [d86890da-f498-11e4-99aa-bcaec565249c](https://vuxml.freebsd.org/freebsd/d86890da-f498-11e4-99aa-bcaec565249c.html)

## References
 - REPORT: [https://wordpress.org/news/2015/05/wordpress-4-2-2/](https://wordpress.org/news/2015/05/wordpress-4-2-2/)
