# jenkins -- multiple vulnerabilities
Kohsuke Kawaguchi from Jenkins team reports:

> # Description
>
> ##### SECURITY-125 (Combination filter Groovy script unsecured)
>
> This vulnerability allows users with the job configuration privilege
> to escalate his privileges, resulting in arbitrary code execution to
> the master.
>
> ##### SECURITY-162 (directory traversal from artifacts via symlink)
>
> This vulnerability allows users with the job configuration privilege
> or users with commit access to the build script to access arbitrary
> files/directories on the master, resulting in the exposure of
> sensitive information, such as encryption keys.
>
> ##### SECURITY-163 (update center metadata retrieval DoS attack)
>
> This vulnerability allows authenticated users to disrupt the operation
> of Jenkins by feeding malicious update center data into Jenkins,
> affecting plugin installation and tool installation.
>
> ##### SECURITY-165 (external entity injection via XPath)
>
> This vulnerability allows users with the read access to Jenkins to
> retrieve arbitrary XML document on the server, resulting in the
> exposure of sensitive information inside/outside Jenkins.
>
> ##### SECURITY-166 (HudsonPrivateSecurityRealm allows creation of reserved names)
>
> For users using \"Jenkins\' own user database\" setting, Jenkins
> doesn\'t refuse reserved names, thus allowing privilege escalation.
>
> ##### SECURITY-167 (External entity processing in XML can reveal sensitive local files)
>
> This vulnerability allows attackers to create malicious XML documents
> and feed that into Jenkins, which causes Jenkins to retrieve arbitrary
> XML document on the server, resulting in the exposure of sensitive
> information inside/outside Jenkins.
>
> # Severity
>
> SECURITY-125 is rated **critical**. This attack can be only mounted by
> users with some trust, but it results in arbitrary code execution on
> the master.
>
> SECURITY-162 is rated **critical**. This attack can be only mounted by
> users with some trust, but it results in the exposure of sensitive
> information.
>
> SECURITY-163 is rated **medium**, as it results in the loss of
> functionality.
>
> SECURITY-165 is rated **critical**. This attack is easy to mount, and
> it results in the exposure of sensitive information.
>
> SECURITY-166 is rated **critical**. For users who use the affected
> feature, this attack results in arbitrary code execution on the
> master.
>
> SECURITY-167 is rated **critical**. This attack is easy to mount, and
> it results in the exposure of sensitive information.


## Affected packages
 - **jenkins**
    - **Fixed:** 1.600
 - **jenkins-lts**
    - **Fixed:** 1.580.3

## Details
 - **published**: 2015-03-01T00:00:00Z
 - **modified**: 2015-03-01T00:00:00Z
 - **discovery**: 2015-03-01T00:00:00Z
 - **vid**: [7480b6ac-adf1-443e-a33c-3a3c0becba1e](https://vuxml.freebsd.org/freebsd/7480b6ac-adf1-443e-a33c-3a3c0becba1e.html)

## References
 - REPORT: [https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/SECURITY/Jenkins+Security+Advisory+2015-02-27](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/SECURITY/Jenkins+Security+Advisory+2015-02-27)
 - WEB: [https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/SECURITY/Jenkins+Security+Advisory+2015-02-27](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/SECURITY/Jenkins+Security+Advisory+2015-02-27)
