# wordpress -- multiple vulnerabilities
Gary Pendergast reports:

> WordPress 4.1.2 is now available. This is a critical security release
> for all previous versions and we strongly encourage you to update your
> sites immediately.
>
> WordPress versions 4.1.1 and earlier are affected by a critical
> cross-site scripting vulnerability, which could enable anonymous users
> to compromise a site. This was reported by Cedric Van Bockhaven and
> fixed by Gary Pendergast, Mike Adams, and Andrew Nacin of the
> WordPress security team.
>
> We also fixed three other security issues:
>
> - In WordPress 4.1 and higher, files with invalid or unsafe names
>   could be uploaded. Discovered by Michael Kapfer and Sebastian
>   Kraemer of HSASec.
> - In WordPress 3.9 and higher, a very limited cross-site scripting
>   vulnerability could be used as part of a social engineering attack.
>   Discovered by Jakub Zoczek.
> - Some plugins were vulnerable to an SQL injection vulnerability.
>   Discovered by Ben Bidner of the WordPress security team.
>
> We also made four hardening changes, discovered by J.D. Grimes,
> Divyesh Prajapati, Allan Collins, Marc-Alexandre Montpas and Jeff
> Bowen.


## Affected packages
 - **wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 4.1.2
 - **de-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 4.1.2
 - **ja-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 4.1.2
 - **ru-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 4.1.2
 - **zh-wordpress-zh_CN**
    - **Fixed:** 4.1.2
 - **zh-wordpress-zh_TW**
    - **Fixed:** 4.1.2

## Details
 - **published**: 2015-04-24T00:00:00Z
 - **modified**: 2015-04-24T00:00:00Z
 - **discovery**: 2015-04-21T00:00:00Z
 - **vid**: [505904d3-ea95-11e4-beaf-bcaec565249c](https://vuxml.freebsd.org/freebsd/505904d3-ea95-11e4-beaf-bcaec565249c.html)

## References
 - REPORT: [https://wordpress.org/news/2015/04/wordpress-4-1-2/](https://wordpress.org/news/2015/04/wordpress-4-1-2/)
