# typo3 -- multiple vulnerabilities
Typo3 core team reports:

> CKEditor 4.11 fixes an XSS vulnerability in the HTML parser reported
> by maxarr. The vulnerability stemmed from the fact that it was
> possible to execute XSS inside the CKEditor source area after
> persuading the victim to: (i) switch CKEditor to source mode, then
> (ii) paste a specially crafted HTML code, prepared by the attacker,
> into the opened CKEditor source area, and (iii) switch back to WYSIWYG
> mode. Although this is an unlikely scenario, we recommend to upgrade
> to the latest editor version.
>
> Failing to properly encode user input, online media asset rendering
> (\*.youtube and \*.vimeo files) is vulnerable to cross-site scripting.
> A valid backend user account or write access on the server system
> (e.g. SFTP) is needed in order to exploit this vulnerability.
>
> Failing to properly encode user input, notifications shown in modal
> windows in the TYPO3 backend are vulnerable to cross-site scripting. A
> valid backend user account is needed in order to exploit this
> vulnerability.
>
> Failing to properly encode user input, login status display is
> vulnerable to cross-site scripting in the website frontend. A valid
> user account is needed in order to exploit this vulnerability - either
> a backend user or a frontend user having the possibility to modify
> their user profile.
>
> Template patterns that are affected are:
>
> - ###FEUSER\_\[fieldName\]### using system extension felogin
> - \<!\--###USERNAME###\--\> for regular frontend rendering (pattern
>   can be defined individually using TypoScript setting
>   config.USERNAME_substToken)
>
> It has been discovered that cookies created in the Install Tool are
> not hardened to be submitted only via HTTP. In combination with other
> vulnerabilities such as cross-site scripting it can lead to hijacking
> an active and valid session in the Install Tool.
>
> The Install Tool exposes the current TYPO3 version number to
> non-authenticated users.
>
> Online Media Asset Handling (\*.youtube and \*.vimeo files) in the
> TYPO3 backend is vulnerable to denial of service. Putting large files
> with according file extensions results in high consumption of system
> resources. This can lead to exceeding limits of the current PHP
> process which results in a dysfunctional backend component. A valid
> backend user account or write access on the server system (e.g. SFTP)
> is needed in order to exploit this vulnerability.
>
> TYPO3's built-in record registration functionality (aka "basic
> shopping cart") using recs URL parameters is vulnerable to denial of
> service. Failing to properly ensure that anonymous user sessions are
> valid, attackers can use this vulnerability in order to create an
> arbitrary amount of individual session-data records in the database.


## Affected packages
 - **typo3-8**
    - **Fixed:** 8.7.21
 - **typo3-9**
    - **Fixed:** 9.5.2

## Details
 - **published**: 2018-12-14T00:00:00Z
 - **modified**: 2018-12-14T00:00:00Z
 - **discovery**: 2018-12-11T00:00:00Z
 - **vid**: [bab29816-ff93-11e8-b05b-00e04c1ea73d](https://vuxml.freebsd.org/freebsd/bab29816-ff93-11e8-b05b-00e04c1ea73d.html)

## References
 - REPORT: [https://typo3.org/article/typo3-952-8721-and-7632-security-releases-published/](https://typo3.org/article/typo3-952-8721-and-7632-security-releases-published/)
