# wordpress -- multiple issues
wordpress developers reports:

> WordPress versions 5.0 and earlier are affected by the following bugs,
> which are fixed in version 5.0.1. Updated versions of WordPress 4.9
> and older releases are also available, for users who have not yet
> updated to 5.0.
>
> Karim El Ouerghemmi discovered that authors could alter meta data to
> delete files that they weren't authorized to.
>
> Simon Scannell of RIPS Technologies discovered that authors could
> create posts of unauthorized post types with specially crafted input.
>
> Sam Thomas discovered that contributors could craft meta data in a way
> that resulted in PHP object injection.
>
> Tim Coen discovered that contributors could edit new comments from
> higher-privileged users, potentially leading to a cross-site scripting
> vulnerability.
>
> Tim Coen also discovered that specially crafted URL inputs could lead
> to a cross-site scripting vulnerability in some circumstances.
> WordPress itself was not affected, but plugins could be in some
> situations.
>
> Team Yoast discovered that the user activation screen could be indexed
> by search engines in some uncommon configurations, leading to exposure
> of email addresses, and in some rare cases, default generated
> passwords.
>
> Tim Coen and Slavco discovered that authors on Apache-hosted sites
> could upload specifically crafted files that bypass MIME verification,
> leading to a cross-site scripting vulnerability.


## Affected packages
 - **wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.0.1,1
 - **fr-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.0.1,1
 - **de-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.0.1
 - **zh_CN-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.0.1
 - **zh_TW-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.0.1
 - **ja-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.0.1
 - **ru-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.0.1

## Details
 - **published**: 2018-12-15T00:00:00Z
 - **modified**: 2018-12-15T00:00:00Z
 - **discovery**: 2018-12-13T00:00:00Z
 - **vid**: [4b98613c-0078-11e9-b05b-00e04c1ea73d](https://vuxml.freebsd.org/freebsd/4b98613c-0078-11e9-b05b-00e04c1ea73d.html)

## References
 - REPORT: [https://wordpress.org/news/2018/12/wordpress-5-0-1-security-release/](https://wordpress.org/news/2018/12/wordpress-5-0-1-security-release/)
 - WEB: [https://wordpress.org/news/2018/12/wordpress-5-0-1-security-release/](https://wordpress.org/news/2018/12/wordpress-5-0-1-security-release/)
