# GitLab -- multiple vulnerabilities
GitLab reports:

> # SnippetFinder information disclosure
>
> The GitLab SnippetFinder component contained an information disclosure
> which allowed access to snippets restricted to Only team members or
> configured as disabled. The issue is now resolved in the latest
> version.
>
> # LDAP API authorization issue
>
> An LDAP API endpoint contained an authorization vulnerability which
> unintentionally disclosed bulk LDAP groups data. This issue is now
> fixed in the latest release.
>
> # Persistent XSS mermaid markdown
>
> The mermaid markdown feature contained a persistent XSS issue that is
> now resolved in the latest release.
>
> # Insecure direct object reference Todo API
>
> The Todo API was vulnerable to an insecure direct object reference
> issue which resulted in an information disclosure of confidential
> data.
>
> # GitHub import access control issue
>
> An improper access control weakness issue was discovered in the GitHub
> import feature. The issue allowed an attacker to create projects under
> other accounts which they shouldn\'t have access to. The issue is now
> resolved in the latest version.
>
> # Protected variables information disclosure
>
> The CI jobs protected tag feature contained a vulnerability which
> resulted in an information disclosure of protected variables. The
> issue is now resolved in the latest release.


## Affected packages
 - **gitlab**
    - **Introduced:** 6.1.0
    - **Fixed:** 10.2.7
    - **Introduced:** 10.3.0
    - **Fixed:** 10.3.6
    - **Introduced:** 10.4.0
    - **Fixed:** 10.4.2

## Details
 - **published**: 2018-02-21T00:00:00Z
 - **modified**: 2018-02-21T00:00:00Z
 - **discovery**: 2018-02-07T00:00:00Z
 - **vid**: [86291013-16e6-11e8-ae9f-d43d7e971a1b](https://vuxml.freebsd.org/freebsd/86291013-16e6-11e8-ae9f-d43d7e971a1b.html)

## References
 - REPORT: [https://about.gitlab.com/2018/02/07/gitlab-security-10-4-3-plus-10-3-7-plus-10-2-8-blog/](https://about.gitlab.com/2018/02/07/gitlab-security-10-4-3-plus-10-3-7-plus-10-2-8-blog/)
 - WEB: [https://about.gitlab.com/2018/02/07/gitlab-security-10-4-3-plus-10-3-7-plus-10-2-8-blog/](https://about.gitlab.com/2018/02/07/gitlab-security-10-4-3-plus-10-3-7-plus-10-2-8-blog/)
