# wordpress -- multiple issues
wordpress developers reports:

> Props to Simon Scannell of RIPS Technologies for finding and
> disclosing two issues. The first, a cross-site scripting (XSS)
> vulnerability found in post previews by contributors. The second was a
> cross-site scripting vulnerability in stored comments.
>
> Props to Tim Coen for disclosing an issue where validation and
> sanitization of a URL could lead to an open redirect.
>
> Props to Anshul Jain for disclosing reflected cross-site scripting
> during media uploads.
>
> Props to Zhouyuan Yang of Fortinets FortiGuard Labs who disclosed a
> vulnerability for cross-site scripting (XSS) in shortcode previews.
>
> Props to Ian Dunn of the Core Security Team for finding and disclosing
> a case where reflected cross-site scripting could be found in the
> dashboard.
>
> Props to Soroush Dalilifrom NCC Group for disclosing an issue with URL
> sanitization that can lead to cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks.
>
> In addition to the above changes, we are also updating jQuery on older
> versions of WordPress. This change was added in 5.2.1 and is now being
> brought to older versions.


## Affected packages
 - **wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.2.3,1
 - **fr-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.2.3,1
 - **de-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.2.3
 - **zh_CN-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.2.3
 - **zh_TW-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.2.3
 - **ja-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.2.3
 - **ru-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.2.3

## Details
 - **published**: 2019-09-06T00:00:00Z
 - **modified**: 2019-09-06T00:00:00Z
 - **discovery**: 2019-09-05T00:00:00Z
 - **vid**: [8a9f86de-d080-11e9-9051-4c72b94353b5](https://vuxml.freebsd.org/freebsd/8a9f86de-d080-11e9-9051-4c72b94353b5.html)

## References
 - REPORT: [https://wordpress.org/news/2019/09/wordpress-5-2-3-security-and-maintenance-release/](https://wordpress.org/news/2019/09/wordpress-5-2-3-security-and-maintenance-release/)
 - WEB: [https://wordpress.org/news/2019/09/wordpress-5-2-3-security-and-maintenance-release/](https://wordpress.org/news/2019/09/wordpress-5-2-3-security-and-maintenance-release/)
