# wordpress -- multiple issues
wordpress developers reports:

> Ten security issues affect WordPress versions 5.5.1 and earlier. If
> you havent yet updated to 5.5, all WordPress versions since 3.7 have
> also been updated to fix the following security issues: -Props to Alex
> Concha of the WordPress Security Team for their work in hardening
> deserialization requests. -Props to David Binovec on a fix to disable
> spam embeds from disabled sites on a multisite network. -Thanks to
> Marc Montas from Sucuri for reporting an issue that could lead to XSS
> from global variables. -Thanks to Justin Tran who reported an issue
> surrounding privilege escalation in XML-RPC. He also found and
> disclosed an issue around privilege escalation around post commenting
> via XML-RPC. -Props to Omar Ganiev who reported a method where a DoS
> attack could lead to RCE. -Thanks to Karim El Ouerghemmi from RIPS who
> disclosed a method to store XSS in post slugs. -Thanks to Slavco for
> reporting, and confirmation from Karim El Ouerghemmi, a method to
> bypass protected meta that could lead to arbitrary file deletion.


## Affected packages
 - **wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.5.2,1
 - **fr-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.5.2,1
 - **de-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.5.2
 - **zh_CN-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.5.2
 - **zh_TW-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.5.2
 - **ja-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.5.2
 - **ru-wordpress**
    - **Fixed:** 5.5.2

## Details
 - **published**: 2020-11-02T00:00:00Z
 - **modified**: 2020-11-02T00:00:00Z
 - **discovery**: 2020-10-29T00:00:00Z
 - **vid**: [11325357-1d3c-11eb-ab74-4c72b94353b5](https://vuxml.freebsd.org/freebsd/11325357-1d3c-11eb-ab74-4c72b94353b5.html)

## References
 - REPORT: [https://wordpress.org/news/2020/10/wordpress-5-5-2-security-and-maintenance-release/](https://wordpress.org/news/2020/10/wordpress-5-5-2-security-and-maintenance-release/)
 - WEB: [https://wordpress.org/news/2020/10/wordpress-5-5-2-security-and-maintenance-release/](https://wordpress.org/news/2020/10/wordpress-5-5-2-security-and-maintenance-release/)
