# zeek -- potential denial of service issues
Jon Siwek of Corelight reports:

> This release addresses the following security issues:
>
> - Potential Denial of Service due to memory leak in DNS TSIG message
>   parsing.
> - Potential Denial of Service due to memory leak (or assertion when
>   compiling with assertions enabled) when receiving a second SSH KEX
>   message after a first.
> - Potential Denial of Service due to buffer read overflow and/or
>   memory leaks in Kerberos analyzer. The buffer read overflow could
>   occur when the Kerberos message indicates it contains an IPv6
>   address, but does not send enough data to parse out a full IPv6
>   address. A memory leak could occur when processing KRB_KDC_REQ
>   KRB_KDC_REP messages for message types that do not match a
>   known/expected type.
> - Potential Denial of Service when sending many zero-length SSL/TLS
>   certificate data. Such messages underwent the full Zeek file
>   analysis treatment which is expensive (and meaninguless here)
>   compared to how cheaply one can \"create\" or otherwise indicate
>   many zero-length contained in an SSL message.
> - Potential Denial of Service due to buffer read overflow in SMB
>   transaction data string handling. The length of strings being parsed
>   from SMB messages was trusted to be whatever the message claimed
>   instead of the actual length of data found in the message.
> - Potential Denial of Service due to null pointer dereference in FTP
>   ADAT Base64 decoding.
> - Potential Denial of Service due buffer read overflow in FTP analyzer
>   word/whitespace handling. This typically won\'t be a problem in most
>   default deployments of Zeek since the FTP analyzer receives data
>   from a ContentLine (NVT) support analyzer which first
>   null-terminates the buffer used for further FTP parsing.


## Affected packages
 - **zeek**
    - **Fixed:** 3.0.3

## Details
 - **published**: 2020-03-15T00:00:00Z
 - **modified**: 2020-03-15T00:00:00Z
 - **discovery**: 2020-02-25T00:00:00Z
 - **vid**: [4ae135f7-85cd-4c32-ad94-358271b31f7f](https://vuxml.freebsd.org/freebsd/4ae135f7-85cd-4c32-ad94-358271b31f7f.html)

## References
 - REPORT: [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zeek/zeek/9dda3602a760f00d9532c6314ea79108106033fa/NEWS](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zeek/zeek/9dda3602a760f00d9532c6314ea79108106033fa/NEWS)
 - WEB: [https://github.com/zeek/zeek/blob/9dda3602a760f00d9532c6314ea79108106033fa/NEWS](https://github.com/zeek/zeek/blob/9dda3602a760f00d9532c6314ea79108106033fa/NEWS)
