# typo3 -- Multiple vulernabilities in TYPO3 Core
Typo Security Team reports:

> It has been discovered that TYPO3 Core is vulnerable to Cross-Site
> Scripting, Information Disclosure, Insecure Unserialize leading to
> Arbitrary Code Execution.
>
> TYPO3 Backend Help System - Due to a missing signature (HMAC) for a
> parameter in the view_help.php file, an attacker could unserialize
> arbitrary objects within TYPO3. We are aware of a working exploit,
> which can lead to arbitrary code execution. A valid backend user login
> or multiple successful cross site request forgery attacks are required
> to exploit this vulnerability.
>
> TYPO3 Backend - Failing to properly HTML-encode user input in several
> places, the TYPO3 backend is susceptible to Cross-Site Scripting. A
> valid backend user is required to exploit these vulnerabilities.
>
> TYPO3 Backend - Accessing the configuration module discloses the
> Encryption Key. A valid backend user with access to the configuration
> module is required to exploit this vulnerability.
>
> TYPO3 HTML Sanitizing API - By not removing several HTML5 JavaScript
> events, the API method t3lib_div::RemoveXSS() fails to filter
> specially crafted HTML injections, thus is susceptible to Cross-Site
> Scripting. Failing to properly encode for JavaScript the API method
> t3lib_div::quoteJSvalue(), it is susceptible to Cross-Site Scripting.
>
> TYPO3 Install Tool - Failing to properly sanitize user input, the
> Install Tool is susceptible to Cross-Site Scripting.


## Affected packages
 - **typo3**
    - **Introduced:** 4.5.0
    - **Fixed:** 4.5.19
    - **Introduced:** 4.6.0
    - **Fixed:** 4.6.12
    - **Introduced:** 4.7.0
    - **Fixed:** 4.7.4

## Details
 - **published**: 2012-08-15T00:00:00Z
 - **modified**: 2012-08-15T00:00:00Z
 - **discovery**: 2012-08-15T00:00:00Z
 - **vid**: [48bcb4b2-e708-11e1-a59d-000d601460a4](https://vuxml.freebsd.org/freebsd/48bcb4b2-e708-11e1-a59d-000d601460a4.html)

## References
 - REPORT: [https://typo3.org/teams/security/security-bulletins/typo3-core/typo3-core-sa-2012-004/](https://typo3.org/teams/security/security-bulletins/typo3-core/typo3-core-sa-2012-004/)
 - WEB: [https://typo3.org/teams/security/security-bulletins/typo3-core/typo3-core-sa-2012-004/](https://typo3.org/teams/security/security-bulletins/typo3-core/typo3-core-sa-2012-004/)
