# mbed TLS (PolarSSL) -- multiple vulnerabilities
Janos Follath reports:

> - If a malicious peer supplies a certificate with a specially crafted
>   secp224k1 public key, then an attacker can cause the server or
>   client to attempt to free block of memory held on stack. Depending
>   on the platform, this could result in a Denial of Service (client
>   crash) or potentially could be exploited to allow remote code
>   execution with the same privileges as the host application.
> - If the client and the server both support MD5 and the client can be
>   tricked to authenticate to a malicious server, then the malicious
>   server can impersonate the client. To launch this man in the middle
>   attack, the adversary has to compute a chosen-prefix MD5 collision
>   in real time. This is very expensive computationally, but can be
>   practical. Depending on the platform, this could result in a Denial
>   of Service (client crash) or potentially could be exploited to allow
>   remote code execution with the same privileges as the host
>   application.
> - A bug in the logic of the parsing of a PEM encoded Certificate
>   Revocation List in mbedtls_x509_crl_parse() can result in an
>   infinite loop. In versions before 1.3.10 the same bug results in an
>   infinite recursion stack overflow that usually crashes the
>   application. Methods and means of acquiring the CRLs is not part of
>   the TLS handshake and in the strict TLS setting this vulnerability
>   cannot be triggered remotely. The vulnerability cannot be triggered
>   unless the application explicitly calls mbedtls_x509_crl_parse() or
>   mbedtls_x509_crl_parse_file()on a PEM formatted CRL of untrusted
>   origin. In which case the vulnerability can be exploited to launch a
>   denial of service attack against the application.


## Affected packages
 - **mbedtls**
    - **Fixed:** 2.4.2
 - **polarssl13**
    - **Fixed:** 1.3.19

## Details
 - **published**: 2017-03-12T00:00:00Z
 - **modified**: 2017-03-12T00:00:00Z
 - **discovery**: 2017-03-11T00:00:00Z
 - **vid**: [f41e3e54-076b-11e7-a9f2-0011d823eebd](https://vuxml.freebsd.org/freebsd/f41e3e54-076b-11e7-a9f2-0011d823eebd.html)

## References
 - REPORT: [https://tls.mbed.org/tech-updates/security-advisories/mbedtls-security-advisory-2017-01](https://tls.mbed.org/tech-updates/security-advisories/mbedtls-security-advisory-2017-01)
