# Python -- multiple vulnerabilities
Python reports:

> gh-100001: python -m http.server no longer allows terminal control
> characters sent within a garbage request to be printed to the stderr
> server log. This is done by changing the http.server
> BaseHTTPRequestHandler .log_message method to replace control
> characters with a \\xHH hex escape before printing.
>
> gh-87604: Avoid publishing list of active per-interpreter audit hooks
> via the gc module.
>
> gh-98433: The IDNA codec decoder used on DNS hostnames by socket or
> asyncio related name resolution functions no longer involves a
> quadratic algorithm. This prevents a potential CPU denial of service
> if an out-of-spec excessive length hostname involving bidirectional
> characters were decoded. Some protocols such as urllib http 3xx
> redirects potentially allow for an attacker to supply such a name.
>
> gh-98739: Update bundled libexpat to 2.5.0.
>
> gh-97612: Fix a shell code injection vulnerability in the
> get-remote-certificate.py example script. The script no longer uses a
> shell to run openssl commands. Issue reported and initial fix by Caleb
> Shortt. Patch by Victor Stinner.


## Affected packages
 - **python37**
    - **Fixed:** 3.7.16
 - **python38**
    - **Fixed:** 3.8.16
 - **python39**
    - **Fixed:** 3.9.16
 - **python310**
    - **Fixed:** 3.10.9
 - **python311**
    - **Fixed:** 3.11.1

## Details
 - **published**: 2022-12-07T00:00:00Z
 - **modified**: 2022-12-07T00:00:00Z
 - **discovery**: 2022-09-28T00:00:00Z
 - **vid**: [050eba46-7638-11ed-820d-080027d3a315](https://vuxml.freebsd.org/freebsd/050eba46-7638-11ed-820d-080027d3a315.html)

## References
 - REPORT: [https://docs.python.org/3/whatsnew/changelog.html#changelog](https://docs.python.org/3/whatsnew/changelog.html#changelog)
