# Python -- multiple vulnerabilities
Python reports:

> bpo-43434: Creating a sqlite3.Connection object now also produces a
> sqlite3.connect auditing event. Previously this event was only
> produced by sqlite3.connect() calls. Patch by Erlend E. Aasland.
>
> bpo-43882: The presence of newline or tab characters in parts of a URL
> could allow some forms of attacks.Following the controlling
> specification for URLs defined by WHATWG urllib.parse() now removes A
> SCII newlines and tabs from URLs, preventing such attacks.
>
> bpo-43472: Ensures interpreter-level audit hooks receive the cpython.
> PyInterpreterState_New event when called through the
> \_xxsubinterpreters module.
>
> bpo-36384: ipaddress module no longer accepts any leading zeros in
> IPv4 address strings. Leading zeros are ambiguous and interpreted as
> octal notation by some libraries. For example the legacy function
> socket.inet_aton() treats leading zeros as octal notatation. glibc
> implementation of modern inet_pton() does not accept any leading
> zeros. For a while the ipaddress module used to accept ambiguous
> leading zeros.
>
> bpo-43075: Fix Regular Expression Denial of Service (ReDoS)
> vulnerability in urllib.request.AbstractBasicAuthHandler. The
> ReDoS-vulnerable regex has quadratic worst-case complexity and it
> allows cause a denial of service when identifying crafted invalid
> RFCs. This ReDoS issue is on the client side and needs remote
> attackers to control the HTTP server.
>
> bpo-42800: Audit hooks are now fired for frame.f_code,
> traceback.tb_frame, and generator code/frame attribute access.


## Affected packages
 - **python38**
    - **Fixed:** 3.8.10
 - **python39**
    - **Fixed:** 3.9.5

## Details
 - **published**: 2021-05-05T00:00:00Z
 - **modified**: 2021-05-05T00:00:00Z
 - **discovery**: 2021-03-08T00:00:00Z
 - **vid**: [bffa40db-ad50-11eb-86b8-080027846a02](https://vuxml.freebsd.org/freebsd/bffa40db-ad50-11eb-86b8-080027846a02.html)

## References
 - REPORT: [https://docs.python.org/3/whatsnew/changelog.html#changelog](https://docs.python.org/3/whatsnew/changelog.html#changelog)
 - WEB: [https://docs.python.org/3.8/whatsnew/changelog.html#changelog](https://docs.python.org/3.8/whatsnew/changelog.html#changelog)
